lads if you want to get legends team of
the years in forms and the high rate
plays in every single pack you open
check out lucky dip thief are the link
will be down below in the description or
if you want to buy coins instead check
out foot coin club if you use patch on
both sites you'll get a nice discount
right lads welcome back to another
episode of train to team of the Arenado
and as you can tell by the title we're
making so much progress lads we've
reached two million coins plus this
episode and in like three episodes we've
made over a million coins which is
absolutely incredible now show you
support down below by dropping like it
only takes a second of your time and
really does motivate me to keep bringing
you this series if we can hit 400 on
this video they'll be absolutely awesome
but now on to the trading we pick up the
first deal of the day and this is a
really good deal one of the best of the
series so far this is an in-form dimaria
lads we've gone for 1.4 mil or 1.4 at 66
which is a pretty good deal at the time
some of these trade have made a couple
of days ago obviously prices i'll keep
constantly going up so you will see a
bit of different surprised if you look
at them now but we do list them up for
1.7 and 25 no you see you get it up
selling for 1.7 and a half so we upped
his price a little bit lads and he sold
for that which is before tax 300k profit
after tax prolly around 240 k 220 k or
something I which is incredible and
there's me just showing you everything
selling from last episode anyway we do
pick up to inform Karim Benzema's next
lads now inform players gold inform
should I say are absolutely amazing the
traded for the moment lies you can just
pick up any inform and I bet you'll make
profits that simple so we pick one up
for hot 841 cave just to start off with
you list them up for an extortionate
price just to get other people to list
their cars for more as well and we pick
this one up at 820 case of Pope both
pretty good deal with their lads and are
hoping to make quite a lot of coins and
then you'll see in a few minutes how
much we do end up making but if you are
enjoying so far like I said drop a like
and also subscribe you want to see this
continue I'll be absolutely awesome now
but you can see both Benzema's did end
up selling god I said that word leave
anyway 918 okay on this one we made
about 100k on this one right here which
that is amazing profit we saw this one
for a million so probably probably made
around 200 Kate on those bends of Mars
added together which is incredible lads
and this is another deal we pick up we
do this refresh watchlist glitch type
thing if you want to see video on that
let me know in the comments down below I
might do that for my next trading guide
video actually that'd be pretty good and
we managed to snap up a pug bar in the
59th minute for 1.2 mil and seventy five
thousand coins which is a really good
deal now because luckily for us i'll
explain in a bit why this is lucky but
that is a really good deal 59th minute
easy stuff if you want to for me to
explain to you how to get in forms in
the 59th minute drop a comment and I'll
do that for episode 3 of the trailing
guy cuz a lot of you are to retrieve a
method and I will bring that to you lads
quite happily but we let go ahead hoping
to make about 200 Kelly and that was
sort of my desired target because he's
gonna keep going up cuz I mean look it's
called night you want physical 87 driven
absolutely phenomenal we're listing for
1.5 and fifty-three thousand coins here
we list him up for a day just cuz I was
out and busy for the holiday so I
wouldn't have time to relist him and we
do pick up another gold you Ventus
inform and this one was first
informative as we couldn't quite afford
the second of all because he's a meal
himself where we got this one for 543 k
sent up warning Hunter so people might
at that might attract more buyers if
it's got that position change and
huntley chemistry stone when it's just
run up just shy of 100 grand more than
be born for hoping to make around a 70k
profit after tax and that's we're going
to go ahead into our transfer list now
and they both do end up selling but net
stevia story for 637 a plug for souls
with that crazy amount of coins that's
200 I'd say about 300 k profit just
unload to now then now quickly before I
show you this pilot rate of man and
match from us sorry we do pick them up
at 1.2 or 45 and we do actually end up
listen how we saw that Pogba sorry the
service went down for like three hours
which meant his price had risen a lot
and off the ice soldiering that time so
we got really really lucky which is
quality anyway man-of-the-match row most
thought would be a good investment to
get pickups he's going to keep going up
in price as one with his team
the year hoping cinnamon roll around 1.5
mil that is my target another like 32
200 to 300 k profit after tax which is
crazy it's crazy to think we're only on
the seventh episode and we're looking to
make 200 k plus on every player we pick
up absolutely crazy stuff lads but yeah
we list them up for 1.5 and the very
final deal that's the end today's
episode it's going to be an in-form
silver which is what I think possibly
one of the first inform Silver's we've
used in this suit we've got inform money
from Southampton for 600 k there was any
team on the market for about 100 k
morsel ads hope you've enjoyed this
episode drop a like down below 400 likes
be amazing hope you have enjoyed thanks
watching and peace